Oops, it's getting late.
Grandma should go back too
You and Wanqing are so good
Grandma, don't worry.
Well, I'm leaving, grandma, I'll take you there.
Oh, no, no, no, come to the housekeeper, grandma, slow down.
Oh good
Hey, Manager Liu, okay.
Okay, I'll be right there.
What's up
The company called, and Manager Liu said to talk to me about something.
Let me go now
Or you can step back
Then bring me a cup of milk tea on the way.
Forget love, thank you, what do we have?
Thank you for everything I wanted to say to my grandmother
It's all said
In fact, love is very simple, don't think so much
Well, I'll go to the company first. Hmm.
Remember to bring me milk tea, okay.
Hey, what are you doing?
What are you doing?